Roll Blazor into the Simple Auth article (#36650)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/razor-pages/security/authorization/simple.md

```csharp
[Authorize(Policy = "Over21")]
public class LicenseApplicationModel : PageModel
{
    ...
}
```

If neither <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.AuthorizeAttribute.Roles> nor <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.AuthorizeAttribute.Policy> is specified, [`[Authorize]`](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.AuthorizeAttribute) uses the default policy:

* Authenticated (signed-in) users are authorized.
* Unauthenticated (signed-out) users are unauthorized.

For guidance on <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.AuthorizeAttribute> and Razor Page handlers, see the [`[Authorize]` attribute in Razor Pages apps](#authorize-attribute-in-razor-pages-apps) section.

Use the [`[AllowAnonymous]` attribute](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.AllowAnonymousAttribute) to allow access by non-authenticated users to individual actions:

```csharp
[AllowAnonymous]
```

For information on how to require authentication for all app users, see <xref:security/authorization/secure-data#require-authenticated-users>.

## `[Authorize]` attribute in Razor Pages apps

> The <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.AuthorizeAttribute> can't be applied to Razor Page handlers. For example, the [`[Authorize]` attribute](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.AuthorizeAttribute) can't be applied to `OnGet`, `OnPost`, or any other page handler. In a Razor Pages app, consider using an ASP.NET Core MVC controller for pages with different authorization requirements for different handlers. Using a controller when different authorization requirements are required is the least complex approach recommended by Microsoft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.AuthorizeAttribute> can't be applied to Razor Page handlers. For example, the [`[Authorize]` attribute](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.AuthorizeAttribute) can't be applied to `OnGet`, `OnPost`, or any other page handler. In a Razor Pages app, consider using an ASP.NET Core MVC controller for pages with different authorization requirements for different handlers. Using a controller when different authorization requirements are required is the least complex approach we recommend.
```
